[Music]
you're what's going on YouTube welcome
to the gun Lance part of my Monster
Hunter 3 ultimate tutorial now gun Lance
is a basically a sort of different take
on the standard Lance
it's a lance and the gun together
basically now your standard Standa moves
you've got if you use X then you will do
two steps and then a down tour slash and
then if you press a instead you will
fire off your button now you can factor
this into the combo so typically you
would sort of you know stab a couple of
times and then you press a to shoot off
which you have the gun that way you can
do some extra damage now if you have
your shield up just like with the other
one if you've got your shield up when
you crisp white meat or ey X then you
can stab but if you have your shield up
new press a it basically reloads because
obviously there is a gun part to your to
your um Lance
so once you've used all those bullets
you need to reload so you do that by
pressing R and a now if you have your
shield up and you press X and a together
that will basically do a sort of
powerful charge explosion shot and you
just saw there this will different from
weapon to weapon but for this one as you
can see it's tedious or crazy explosion
in front now once you've done that you
do need to give the chart their
workbench shot to cool down and then
once you attack the enemy for a bit it
will recharge and you can go and do that
again so obviously you can't do that on
repeat but that is still quite useful to
use you wouldn't really want to use it
unless the enemies pinned down so again
it's a great weapon to use they're
stunned or they're in October or if
they're trapped in a shop trap other
than that you want to watch out when you
use it again being Alone's this doesn't
afford you the ability to roll so you
need to again use your shield to either
take the brunt of the damage and then
attack from there on after all you need
to use the shield and then side stick
your attacks so again if you are used to
having no mobility
or you like the freedom to roll then
perhaps this isn't the weapon for you
but if you do want to use it you just
need to adjust your style of play anyway
going to jump straight into fighting leg
on B again just so soft show you a few
of the moves in action and then go from
there again like the other one I'll
typically run up to the enemy and start
off by obviously drawn the weapon and
trying to get a few quick stabs in now
if it so if it turns to me quite fast it
looks like an attack then I'll put my
shield up take the attack and then try
and try sort of power through it however
if it's or looking someone else and I've
got more chance then I'll typically
lengthen my combo and then chucking a
few
gun blasts to try and do some extra
damage and then obviously you need to
sidestep wherever if course you do get
the chance then unleashing the fall sort
of chart is a really good thing because
it is so powerful you're likely to be
able to stagger the enemy quite quickly
and obviously that's useful because if
you're charging up an enemy turns to you
then the fact that you have quite a good
chance of staggering it will potentially
stop you from getting hit but anyway I'm
gonna wrap up there that's just a quick
overview again of the gun lines
hopefully if you are new to the game you
have played it before then this will
give you some of the basics and just all
give you a quick tip on someone who's
you should be using sort of how you
should go about using them but other
than that thanks for watching don't
forget to like and share this video does
really help me out
and obviously don't forget to subscribe
to the new channel also if you want to
try outs on the other weapons then don't
forget to check out the other videos
because we've covered them as well but
other than that thanks for watching take
it easy
catch you next time peace out